skills/research/evaluating-paper-relevance/SKILL.md, before:

---
name: Evaluating Paper Relevance
description: Two-stage paper screening - abstract scoring then deep dive for specific data extraction
when_to_use: After literature search returns results. When need to determine if paper contains specific data. When screening papers for relevance. When extracting methods, results, data from papers.
version: 1.0.0
---

# Evaluating Paper Relevance

## Overview

Two-stage screening process: quick abstract scoring followed by deep dive into promising papers.

**Core principle:** Precision over breadth. Find papers that actually contain the specific data/methods user needs, not just topically related papers.

## When to Use

Use this skill when:
- Have list of papers from search
- Need to determine which papers have relevant data
- User asks for specific information (IC50 values, methods, etc.)
- Screening papers one-by-one

## Two-Stage Process

### Stage 1: Abstract Screening (Fast)

**Goal:** Quickly identify promising papers

**Score 0-10 based on:**
- **Keywords match (0-3 points)**: Does abstract mention key terms?
- **Data type match (0-4 points)**: Does it mention the data user needs? (e.g., "IC50 values", "synthesis methods")
- **Specificity (0-3 points)**: Is it specific to user's question or just general background?

**Decision rules:**
- Score < 5: Skip (not relevant)
- Score 5-6: Note in summary as "possibly relevant" but skip for now
- Score ≥ 7: Proceed to Stage 2 (deep dive)

**IMPORTANT: Report to user for EVERY paper:**
```
📄 [N/Total] Screening: "Paper Title"
   Abstract score: 8 → Fetching full text...
```

or

```
📄 [N/Total] Screening: "Paper Title"
   Abstract score: 4 → Skipping (insufficient relevance)
```

**Never screen silently** - user needs to see progress happening

### Stage 2: Deep Dive (Thorough)

**Goal:** Extract specific data/methods from promising papers

#### 1. Fetch Full Text

**Try in order:**

**A. PubMed Central (free full text):**
```bash
# Check if available in PMC
curl "https://eutils.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/entrez/eutils/esearch.fcgi?db=pmc&term=PMID[PMID]&retmode=json"

# If found, fetch full text XML via API
curl "https://eutils.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/entrez/eutils/efetch.fcgi?db=pmc&id=PMCID&rettype=full&retmode=xml"

# Or fetch HTML directly (note: use pmc.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov, not www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc)
curl "https://pmc.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/articles/PMCID/"
```

**B. DOI resolution:**
```bash
# Try publisher link
curl -L "https://doi.org/10.1234/example.2023"
# May hit paywall - check response
```

**C. Unpaywall (MANDATORY if paywalled):**
**CRITICAL: If step B hits a paywall, you MUST immediately try Unpaywall before giving up.**

Use `skills/research/finding-open-access-papers` to find free OA version:
```bash
curl "https://api.unpaywall.org/v2/DOI?email=USER_EMAIL"
# Often finds versions in repositories, preprint servers, author copies
# IMPORTANT: Ask user for their email if not already provided - do NOT use claude@anthropic.com
```

Report to user:
```
⚠️  Paper behind paywall, checking Unpaywall...
✓ Found open access version at [repository/preprint server]
```

or

```
⚠️  Paper behind paywall, checking Unpaywall...
✗ No open access version available - continuing with abstract only
```

**D. Preprints (direct):**
- Check bioRxiv: `https://www.biorxiv.org/content/10.1101/{doi}`
- Check arXiv (for computational papers)

**If full text unavailable AFTER trying Unpaywall:**
- Note in SUMMARY.md: "⚠️ Full text behind paywall - no OA version found via Unpaywall"
- Continue with abstract-only evaluation (limited)

**CRITICAL: Do NOT skip Unpaywall check. Many paywalled papers have free versions in repositories.**

#### 2. Scan for Relevant Content

**Focus on sections:**
- **Methods**: Experimental procedures, protocols
- **Results**: Data tables, figures, measurements
- **Tables/Figures**: Often contain the specific data user needs
- **Supplementary Information**: Additional data, extended methods

**What to look for:**
- Specific data user requested (e.g., IC50 = 45 nM)
- Methods described in detail
- Compound structures, identifiers
- Experimental conditions
- Statistical analysis

**Use grep/text search:**
```bash
# Search for specific terms in full text
grep -i "IC50\|inhibitory concentration" paper.xml
grep -i "synthesis\|synthetic route" paper.xml
```

#### 3. Extract Findings

**Create structured extraction:**

```json
{
  "doi": "10.1234/example.2023",
  "title": "Paper Title",
  "relevance_score": 9,
  "findings": {
    "data_found": [
      "IC50 values for compounds 1-12 (Table 2)",
      "Selectivity against 50 kinases (Figure 3)",
      "Synthesis route for lead compound (Scheme 1)"
    ],
    "key_results": [
      "Compound 7: IC50 = 12 nM (BTK), >1000 nM (other kinases)",
      "10-step synthesis, 34% overall yield"
    ],
    "sections": {
      "methods": "Page 3, paragraph 2",
      "results": "Table 2 (page 7), Figure 3 (page 9)",
      "supplementary": "SI Table S1 has full kinase panel"
    }
  }
}
```

#### 4. Download Materials

**PDFs:**
```bash
# If PDF available
curl -L -o "papers/$(echo $doi | tr '/' '_').pdf" "https://doi.org/$doi"
```

**Supplementary data:**
```bash
# Download SI files if URLs found
curl -o "papers/${doi}_supp.zip" "https://publisher.com/supp/file.zip"
```

#### 5. Update Tracking Files

**CRITICAL: Use ONLY papers-reviewed.json and SUMMARY.md. Do NOT create custom tracking files.**

**Add to papers-reviewed.json:**
```json
{
  "10.1234/example.2023": {
    "pmid": "12345678",
    "status": "relevant",
    "score": 9,
    "source": "pubmed_search",
    "timestamp": "2025-10-11T10:30:00Z",
    "found_data": ["IC50 values", "synthesis methods"],
    "has_full_text": true
  }
}
```

**Add to SUMMARY.md:**
```markdown
## Highly Relevant Papers (Score ≥ 8)

### [Paper Title](https://doi.org/10.1234/example.2023) (Score: 9)

**DOI:** [10.1234/example.2023](https://doi.org/10.1234/example.2023)
**PMID:** [12345678](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/12345678/)
**Authors:** Smith et al., 2023

**Key Findings:**
- IC50 values for 12 BTK inhibitors (Table 2)
- Compound 7 shows >80-fold selectivity vs other kinases
- Synthesis described in detail (Scheme 1, page 4)

**Data Location:**
- Main data: Table 2 (page 7), Figure 3 (page 9)
- Supplementary: SI Table S1 (full kinase panel)

**Files:**
- PDF: `papers/10.1234_example.2023.pdf`
- Supplementary: `papers/10.1234_example.2023_supp.zip`

---
```

**IMPORTANT: Always make DOIs and PMIDs clickable links:**
- DOI format: `[10.1234/example.2023](https://doi.org/10.1234/example.2023)`
- PMID format: `[12345678](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/12345678/)`
- Makes papers easy to access directly from SUMMARY.md

## Progress Reporting

**CRITICAL: Report to user as you work - never work silently!**

**For every paper, report:**
1. **Start screening:** `📄 [N/Total] Screening: "Title..."`
2. **Abstract score:** `Abstract score: X/10`
3. **Decision:** What you're doing next (fetching full text / skipping / etc)

**For relevant papers, report findings immediately:**
```
📄 [15/127] Screening: "Selective BTK inhibitors..."
   Abstract score: 8 → Fetching full text...
   ✓ Found IC50 data for 8 compounds (Table 2)
   ✓ Selectivity data vs 50 kinases (Figure 3)
   → Added to SUMMARY.md
   → Downloading PDF and supplementary files...
   → Following 3 relevant citations...
```

**Update user every 5-10 papers with summary:**
```
📊 Progress: Reviewed 30/127 papers
   - Highly relevant: 3
   - Relevant: 5
   - Currently screening paper 31...
```

**Why this matters:** User needs to see work happening and provide feedback/corrections early

## Integration with Other Skills

**During full text fetching:**
- **If paywalled: MANDATORY to use `skills/research/finding-open-access-papers` (Unpaywall)**
- Do NOT skip this step - Unpaywall finds ~50% of paywalled papers for free

**After finding relevant paper:**
1. **Extract findings** to SUMMARY.md
2. **Download files** to papers/ folder
3. **Call traversing-citations skill** to find related papers
4. **Update papers-reviewed.json** to avoid re-processing

## Scoring Rubric

| Score | Meaning | Action |
|-------|---------|--------|
| 0-4 | Not relevant | Skip, brief note in summary |
| 5-6 | Possibly relevant | Note for later, skip deep dive for now |
| 7-8 | Relevant | Deep dive, extract data, add to summary |
| 9-10 | Highly relevant | Deep dive, extract data, follow citations, highlight in summary |

## Helper Scripts (Optional)

**When screening many papers (>20), consider creating a helper script:**

**Benefits:**
- Batch processing with rate limiting
- Consistent scoring logic
- Save intermediate results
- Resume after interruption

**Create in research session folder:**
```python
# research-sessions/YYYY-MM-DD-query/screen_papers.py
```

**Key components:**
1. **Fetch abstracts** - PubMed efetch with error handling
2. **Score abstracts** - Implement scoring rubric (0-10)
3. **Rate limiting** - 350ms delay between API calls
4. **Save results** - JSON with scored papers categorized by relevance
5. **Progress reporting** - Print status as it runs

**Pattern - Two-script pipeline:**

**Script 1: Abstract screening** (`screen_papers.py`)
- Fetch and score abstracts
- Output: `evaluated-papers.json` with categorized papers

**Script 2: Deep dive** (`deep_dive_papers.py`)
- Read Script 1 results
- Fetch full text for highly relevant papers (score ≥8)
- Extract specific data (tables, figures, values, compound IDs)
- Update `evaluated-papers.json` with detailed findings

**Script design:**
- Parameterize keywords and data types for specific query
- Progressive enhancement - add detail to same JSON file
- Include rate limiting (350ms between API calls)
- Keep scripts with research session for reproducibility

**When NOT to create helper script:**
- Few papers (<20)
- One-off quick searches
- Manual screening is faster

## Common Mistakes

**Skipping Unpaywall:** Hitting paywall and giving up → ALWAYS check Unpaywall first, many papers have free versions
**Creating custom files:** Making evaluated-papers.json, priority-papers.txt, etc. → Use ONLY papers-reviewed.json and SUMMARY.md
**Too strict:** Skipping papers that mention data indirectly → Re-read abstract carefully
**Too lenient:** Deep diving into tangentially related papers → Focus on specific data user needs
**Missing supplementary data:** Many papers hide key data in SI → Always check for supplementary files
**Silent screening:** User can't see progress → Report EVERY paper as you screen it
**No periodic summaries:** User loses big picture → Update every 5-10 papers
**Non-clickable DOIs/PMIDs:** Plain text identifiers → Always use markdown links
**Re-reviewing papers:** Wastes time → Always check papers-reviewed.json first
**Not using helper scripts:** Manually screening 100+ papers → Consider batch script

## Quick Reference

| Task | Action |
|------|--------|
| Check if reviewed | Look up DOI in papers-reviewed.json |
| Score abstract | Keywords (0-3) + Data type (0-4) + Specificity (0-3) |
| Get full text | Try PMC → DOI → Unpaywall → Preprints |
| Find data | Grep for terms, focus on Methods/Results/Tables |
| Download PDF | `curl -L -o papers/FILE.pdf URL` |
| Update tracking | Add to papers-reviewed.json + SUMMARY.md |

## Next Steps

After evaluating paper:
- If score ≥ 7: Call `skills/research/traversing-citations`
- Continue to next paper in search results
- Check if reached 50 papers or 5 minutes → ask user to continue or stop

Commit message:

Add ChEMBL integration skill for medicinal chemistry papers
- New skill: checking-chembl for finding curated SAR data
- Check if papers have structured bioactivity data in ChEMBL
- Returns ChEMBL ID, activity count, structured data access
- Integrated into evaluating-paper-relevance workflow
- Add ChEMBL permissions to template
- Update getting-started and README with ChEMBL info
- ~99k curated medicinal chemistry papers with IC50, MIC, structures
- Complements Unpaywall for finding data vs finding full text

skills/research/evaluating-paper-relevance/SKILL.md, after:

---
name: Evaluating Paper Relevance
description: Two-stage paper screening - abstract scoring then deep dive for specific data extraction
when_to_use: After literature search returns results. When need to determine if paper contains specific data. When screening papers for relevance. When extracting methods, results, data from papers.
version: 1.0.0
---

# Evaluating Paper Relevance

## Overview

Two-stage screening process: quick abstract scoring followed by deep dive into promising papers.

**Core principle:** Precision over breadth. Find papers that actually contain the specific data/methods user needs, not just topically related papers.

## When to Use

Use this skill when:
- Have list of papers from search
- Need to determine which papers have relevant data
- User asks for specific information (IC50 values, methods, etc.)
- Screening papers one-by-one

## Two-Stage Process

### Stage 1: Abstract Screening (Fast)

**Goal:** Quickly identify promising papers

**Score 0-10 based on:**
- **Keywords match (0-3 points)**: Does abstract mention key terms?
- **Data type match (0-4 points)**: Does it mention the data user needs? (e.g., "IC50 values", "synthesis methods")
- **Specificity (0-3 points)**: Is it specific to user's question or just general background?

**Decision rules:**
- Score < 5: Skip (not relevant)
- Score 5-6: Note in summary as "possibly relevant" but skip for now
- Score ≥ 7: Proceed to Stage 2 (deep dive)

**IMPORTANT: Report to user for EVERY paper:**
```
📄 [N/Total] Screening: "Paper Title"
   Abstract score: 8 → Fetching full text...
```

or

```
📄 [N/Total] Screening: "Paper Title"
   Abstract score: 4 → Skipping (insufficient relevance)
```

**Never screen silently** - user needs to see progress happening

### Stage 2: Deep Dive (Thorough)

**Goal:** Extract specific data/methods from promising papers

#### 1. Check ChEMBL (for medicinal chemistry papers)

**If paper describes medicinal chemistry / SAR data:**

Use `skills/research/checking-chembl` to check if paper is in ChEMBL database:
```bash
curl -s "https://www.ebi.ac.uk/chembl/api/data/document.json?doi=$doi"
```

**If found in ChEMBL:**
- Note ChEMBL ID and activity count in SUMMARY.md
- Report to user: "✓ ChEMBL: CHEMBL3870308 (45 data points)"
- Structured SAR data available without PDF parsing

**Continue to full text fetch for context, methods, discussion.**

#### 2. Fetch Full Text

**Try in order:**

**A. PubMed Central (free full text):**
```bash
# Check if available in PMC
curl "https://eutils.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/entrez/eutils/esearch.fcgi?db=pmc&term=PMID[PMID]&retmode=json"

# If found, fetch full text XML via API
curl "https://eutils.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/entrez/eutils/efetch.fcgi?db=pmc&id=PMCID&rettype=full&retmode=xml"

# Or fetch HTML directly (note: use pmc.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov, not www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc)
curl "https://pmc.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/articles/PMCID/"
```

**B. DOI resolution:**
```bash
# Try publisher link
curl -L "https://doi.org/10.1234/example.2023"
# May hit paywall - check response
```

**C. Unpaywall (MANDATORY if paywalled):**
**CRITICAL: If step B hits a paywall, you MUST immediately try Unpaywall before giving up.**

Use `skills/research/finding-open-access-papers` to find free OA version:
```bash
curl "https://api.unpaywall.org/v2/DOI?email=USER_EMAIL"
# Often finds versions in repositories, preprint servers, author copies
# IMPORTANT: Ask user for their email if not already provided - do NOT use claude@anthropic.com
```

Report to user:
```
⚠️  Paper behind paywall, checking Unpaywall...
✓ Found open access version at [repository/preprint server]
```

or

```
⚠️  Paper behind paywall, checking Unpaywall...
✗ No open access version available - continuing with abstract only
```

**D. Preprints (direct):**
- Check bioRxiv: `https://www.biorxiv.org/content/10.1101/{doi}`
- Check arXiv (for computational papers)

**If full text unavailable AFTER trying Unpaywall:**
- Note in SUMMARY.md: "⚠️ Full text behind paywall - no OA version found via Unpaywall"
- Continue with abstract-only evaluation (limited)

**CRITICAL: Do NOT skip Unpaywall check. Many paywalled papers have free versions in repositories.**

#### 2. Scan for Relevant Content

**Focus on sections:**
- **Methods**: Experimental procedures, protocols
- **Results**: Data tables, figures, measurements
- **Tables/Figures**: Often contain the specific data user needs
- **Supplementary Information**: Additional data, extended methods

**What to look for:**
- Specific data user requested (e.g., IC50 = 45 nM)
- Methods described in detail
- Compound structures, identifiers
- Experimental conditions
- Statistical analysis

**Use grep/text search:**
```bash
# Search for specific terms in full text
grep -i "IC50\|inhibitory concentration" paper.xml
grep -i "synthesis\|synthetic route" paper.xml
```

#### 3. Extract Findings

**Create structured extraction:**

```json
{
  "doi": "10.1234/example.2023",
  "title": "Paper Title",
  "relevance_score": 9,
  "findings": {
    "data_found": [
      "IC50 values for compounds 1-12 (Table 2)",
      "Selectivity against 50 kinases (Figure 3)",
      "Synthesis route for lead compound (Scheme 1)"
    ],
    "key_results": [
      "Compound 7: IC50 = 12 nM (BTK), >1000 nM (other kinases)",
      "10-step synthesis, 34% overall yield"
    ],
    "sections": {
      "methods": "Page 3, paragraph 2",
      "results": "Table 2 (page 7), Figure 3 (page 9)",
      "supplementary": "SI Table S1 has full kinase panel"
    }
  }
}
```

#### 4. Download Materials

**PDFs:**
```bash
# If PDF available
curl -L -o "papers/$(echo $doi | tr '/' '_').pdf" "https://doi.org/$doi"
```

**Supplementary data:**
```bash
# Download SI files if URLs found
curl -o "papers/${doi}_supp.zip" "https://publisher.com/supp/file.zip"
```

#### 5. Update Tracking Files

**CRITICAL: Use ONLY papers-reviewed.json and SUMMARY.md. Do NOT create custom tracking files.**

**Add to papers-reviewed.json:**
```json
{
  "10.1234/example.2023": {
    "pmid": "12345678",
    "status": "relevant",
    "score": 9,
    "source": "pubmed_search",
    "timestamp": "2025-10-11T10:30:00Z",
    "found_data": ["IC50 values", "synthesis methods"],
    "has_full_text": true
  }
}
```

**Add to SUMMARY.md:**
```markdown
## Highly Relevant Papers (Score ≥ 8)

### [Paper Title](https://doi.org/10.1234/example.2023) (Score: 9)

**DOI:** [10.1234/example.2023](https://doi.org/10.1234/example.2023)
**PMID:** [12345678](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/12345678/)
**Authors:** Smith et al., 2023

**Key Findings:**
- IC50 values for 12 BTK inhibitors (Table 2)
- Compound 7 shows >80-fold selectivity vs other kinases
- Synthesis described in detail (Scheme 1, page 4)

**Data Location:**
- Main data: Table 2 (page 7), Figure 3 (page 9)
- Supplementary: SI Table S1 (full kinase panel)

**Files:**
- PDF: `papers/10.1234_example.2023.pdf`
- Supplementary: `papers/10.1234_example.2023_supp.zip`

---
```

**IMPORTANT: Always make DOIs and PMIDs clickable links:**
- DOI format: `[10.1234/example.2023](https://doi.org/10.1234/example.2023)`
- PMID format: `[12345678](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/12345678/)`
- Makes papers easy to access directly from SUMMARY.md

## Progress Reporting

**CRITICAL: Report to user as you work - never work silently!**

**For every paper, report:**
1. **Start screening:** `📄 [N/Total] Screening: "Title..."`
2. **Abstract score:** `Abstract score: X/10`
3. **Decision:** What you're doing next (fetching full text / skipping / etc)

**For relevant papers, report findings immediately:**
```
📄 [15/127] Screening: "Selective BTK inhibitors..."
   Abstract score: 8 → Fetching full text...
   ✓ Found IC50 data for 8 compounds (Table 2)
   ✓ Selectivity data vs 50 kinases (Figure 3)
   → Added to SUMMARY.md
   → Downloading PDF and supplementary files...
   → Following 3 relevant citations...
```

**Update user every 5-10 papers with summary:**
```
📊 Progress: Reviewed 30/127 papers
   - Highly relevant: 3
   - Relevant: 5
   - Currently screening paper 31...
```

**Why this matters:** User needs to see work happening and provide feedback/corrections early

## Integration with Other Skills

**For medicinal chemistry papers:**
- **Use `skills/research/checking-chembl`** to find curated SAR data
- Check BEFORE attempting to parse activity tables from PDFs
- ~30-40% of medicinal chemistry papers have ChEMBL data

**During full text fetching:**
- **If paywalled: MANDATORY to use `skills/research/finding-open-access-papers` (Unpaywall)**
- Do NOT skip this step - Unpaywall finds ~50% of paywalled papers for free

**After finding relevant paper:**
1. **Check ChEMBL** (if medicinal chemistry)
2. **Extract findings** to SUMMARY.md
3. **Download files** to papers/ folder
4. **Call traversing-citations skill** to find related papers
5. **Update papers-reviewed.json** to avoid re-processing

## Scoring Rubric

| Score | Meaning | Action |
|-------|---------|--------|
| 0-4 | Not relevant | Skip, brief note in summary |
| 5-6 | Possibly relevant | Note for later, skip deep dive for now |
| 7-8 | Relevant | Deep dive, extract data, add to summary |
| 9-10 | Highly relevant | Deep dive, extract data, follow citations, highlight in summary |

## Helper Scripts (Optional)

**When screening many papers (>20), consider creating a helper script:**

**Benefits:**
- Batch processing with rate limiting
- Consistent scoring logic
- Save intermediate results
- Resume after interruption

**Create in research session folder:**
```python
# research-sessions/YYYY-MM-DD-query/screen_papers.py
```

**Key components:**
1. **Fetch abstracts** - PubMed efetch with error handling
2. **Score abstracts** - Implement scoring rubric (0-10)
3. **Rate limiting** - 350ms delay between API calls
4. **Save results** - JSON with scored papers categorized by relevance
5. **Progress reporting** - Print status as it runs

**Pattern - Two-script pipeline:**

**Script 1: Abstract screening** (`screen_papers.py`)
- Fetch and score abstracts
- Output: `evaluated-papers.json` with categorized papers

**Script 2: Deep dive** (`deep_dive_papers.py`)
- Read Script 1 results
- Fetch full text for highly relevant papers (score ≥8)
- Extract specific data (tables, figures, values, compound IDs)
- Update `evaluated-papers.json` with detailed findings

**Script design:**
- Parameterize keywords and data types for specific query
- Progressive enhancement - add detail to same JSON file
- Include rate limiting (350ms between API calls)
- Keep scripts with research session for reproducibility

**When NOT to create helper script:**
- Few papers (<20)
- One-off quick searches
- Manual screening is faster

## Common Mistakes

**Skipping Unpaywall:** Hitting paywall and giving up → ALWAYS check Unpaywall first, many papers have free versions
**Creating custom files:** Making evaluated-papers.json, priority-papers.txt, etc. → Use ONLY papers-reviewed.json and SUMMARY.md
**Too strict:** Skipping papers that mention data indirectly → Re-read abstract carefully
**Too lenient:** Deep diving into tangentially related papers → Focus on specific data user needs
**Missing supplementary data:** Many papers hide key data in SI → Always check for supplementary files
**Silent screening:** User can't see progress → Report EVERY paper as you screen it
**No periodic summaries:** User loses big picture → Update every 5-10 papers
**Non-clickable DOIs/PMIDs:** Plain text identifiers → Always use markdown links
**Re-reviewing papers:** Wastes time → Always check papers-reviewed.json first
**Not using helper scripts:** Manually screening 100+ papers → Consider batch script

## Quick Reference

| Task | Action |
|------|--------|
| Check if reviewed | Look up DOI in papers-reviewed.json |
| Score abstract | Keywords (0-3) + Data type (0-4) + Specificity (0-3) |
| Get full text | Try PMC → DOI → Unpaywall → Preprints |
| Find data | Grep for terms, focus on Methods/Results/Tables |
| Download PDF | `curl -L -o papers/FILE.pdf URL` |
| Update tracking | Add to papers-reviewed.json + SUMMARY.md |

## Next Steps

After evaluating paper:
- If score ≥ 7: Call `skills/research/traversing-citations`
- Continue to next paper in search results
- Check if reached 50 papers or 5 minutes → ask user to continue or stop
